This chicken is so flamboyant
Deserved to be disgraced
One wrong step is doomed
Mei Qianxue, do you know?
Fraudulent auctions are illegal
There will be big news today
A news that let the Jiang family eat turtles
So you'll see.
Not a penny
What did you take to make the Jiang soldiers
Behind the scenes to freeze our cards
The Jiang family is too rude and shameless outside
Rice can be eaten indiscriminately
Don't talk nonsense
Will sue you for slander
There are so many reporters filming the scene
Security guard go
Drive me out of these two shameless roads
Wait a minute.
It's really not Jiang Chun who plotted against us today
It's the Chen family
Am I right?
Mrs. Chen
Chen Mixuan, what are you doing?
In public
Don't mess around.
What did you call me?
homeowner
Then I, as the head of the family, ask you why
Why are you plotting me?
Why should you treat the enemy like a dog?
Do you know what shame is?
It turns out that the carp is now the new Chen family
The head of the Chen family?
It turned out to be a little white who just talks big
It's not as good as Lame Chen
What a fucking generation
The smile is that you lose face in front of everyone
He won't be noble
See how you return to the Chen family to be the head of the family